---
title: OM1 System Setup Production Ready Release
description: "v1.0.2"
icon: tarp
---

We've released OM1 System Setup for configuring and setting up the OM1 system using the provided setup tools.

## [v1.0.2](https://github.com/OpenMind/OM1-system-setup/releases/tag/v1.0.2) - latest

- Introduced the text_embedding container for generating text embeddings for AI processing.

## [v1.0.1](https://github.com/OpenMind/OM1-system-setup/releases/tag/v1.0.1)

- Fixed minor issues
- Added support for modifying environment variables through the OpenMind Portal.

## [v1.0.0](https://github.com/OpenMind/OM1-system-setup/releases/tag/v1.0.0)

- Wifi Setup
    - Added a dashboard for setting up Wifi
    - Added support for customizable local network names and mDNS/Bonjour access to the OM1 WiFi hotspot setup, replacing the previous static configuration and DNS approach. A more flexible and user-friendly setup, allowing device access via a custom local name and improving network discovery and configuration
    - Introduced a 20-second delay and verification step after attempting a direct WiFi connection
- Added OTA services
- Dockerfile and docker-compose.yml have been relocated to the OTA directory
- Introduced advanced Docker container monitoring and reporting capabilities to the OTA agent, improvements to the CI/CD pipeline to use the correct Dockerfile location, and cleanup of legacy compose files
- Improved the OTA agent's Docker container management and progress reporting, as well as enhanced reliability and error handling for WebSocket communications. Refactored how container information is fetched and stored, improving the progress reporting mechanism to handle connection states, and making the WebSocket client more robust against connection issues.
- New action handlers and DockerManager methods to support pausing, unpausing, and restarting Docker services via OTA service
- Added support for a new AI model container to the OTA agent. Included the qwen30b_quantized container, which enables local AI processing capabilities
- Improved the OTA agent's Docker container management and progress reporting. Enhanced reliability and error handling for WebSocket communications
